Add a sentence regarding translations to the development docs (UI page) (#1459)
woodpecker-ci/woodpecker: docs/docs/92-development/03-ui.md

- [eslint](https://eslint.org/)
- [Volar & vue-tsc](https://github.com/johnsoncodehk/volar/) for type-checking in .vue file
  - use the take-over mode of Volar as described by [this guide](https://github.com/johnsoncodehk/volar/discussions/471)

## Messages and Translations

> Woodpecker uses [Vue I18n](https://vue-i18n.intlify.dev/) as translation library. New message keys
> must be added at least to `web/src/assets/locales/en.json` otherwise they will be removed by weblate (a transaltion service) and everyone expects to translate from English to other languages

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Woodpecker uses [Vue I18n](https://vue-i18n.intlify.dev/) as translation library.  New translations have to be added to `web/src/assets/locales/en.json`. The English source file will be automatically imported into [Weblate](https://translate.woodpecker-ci.org/) (the translation system used by Woodpecker) where all other languages will be translated by the community based on the English source.
```

Author: Took that sentence but added a word to not provide any other translations. The mechanism was not clear to me.

> For more information about transaltions see [Translations](./07-translations.md).

Author: done
